## Exercise 3.7 - Option a) ##

I have to admit, I had my suspicions that the Docker was just another buzzword or fancy
new piece of software, which doesn't change anything in the end. Boy was I wrong.
I started a new job during the course and it hit me; Docker really does make a difference,
especially in a hard-to-manage, complicated microarchitecture systems.

Docker together with Kubernetes or similar saves a lot of time for the actual development work.
One doesn't have to spend one's day configuring the platform's settings and environments for 
changed or new software; Everything one needs is an initial configuration of Docker. 

Another awesome feature of Kubernetes and Docker is the possibility of smart load balancing.
Back in the days of monolith-softwares one had to scale up the whole application in order
to get more capacity for a single bottleneck. Kubernetes can simply start more pods to respond
to the calls of the clients and kill those pods when they are no longer needed.

Even if I talk a lot about Kubernetes, all of this would not be possible without Docker. 
So back to the Docker itself with a form of an example: You have written the software with your 
favourite programming  e.g. C#/.NET. Unfortunately you language is not supported by Heroku.
Traditionally you would have to rely on third party buildpacks, which are not guaranteed to
work in the future. Now with Docker you can simply configure you program to run in Docker and push
the image to Heroku. If your application works in Docker, it also works in Heroku.   
